samples: protocols_serialization: use different GPIO pins of UART (#18608)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf_rpc/protocols_serialization/server/README.rst

**************

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: nRF52840 DK

      Button 1:

         * When the ``log_rpc`` snippet is enabled: triggers a fatal error.

>             This is used for testing the crash log feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           This is used for testing the crash log feature.
```

.. tabs::
   .. group-tab:: nRF52840 DK

>       Button 1:
>          * When the ``log_rpc`` snippet is enabled: triggers a fatal error.
>             This is used for testing the crash log feature.

Reviewer 2: The first bullet point entry seems to be in bold (https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-18608/nrf/samples/nrf_rpc/protocols_serialization/server/README.html#user-interface). May be this could fix it.
```suggestion
      Button 1:
      
         * When the ``log_rpc`` snippet is enabled: triggers a fatal error.
            This is used for testing the crash log feature.
```

Reviewer: I think it's actually original Line 59. There seems to be an extra space at the beginning.

After building the Protocols serialization server sample and programming it to your development kit, connect it to a second device running the :ref:`Protocol serialization client <nrf_rpc_protocols_serialization_client>` sample to test either the Bluetooth LE, OpenThread or NFC functionality.

.. note::

>    When using the nRF54L15 DK, you shall not press **Button 1** nor **Button 2**, since GPIO pins connected to these buttons are used by the UART peripheral for communication with the client device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When using the nRF54L15 DK, do not press **Button 1** or **Button 2**.
   The GPIO pins connected to these buttons are used by the UART peripheral for communication with the client device.
```
